dude up my nostrils your boy shark 260
and here we go with the tournament
championship game on the ps3 side that
we just finished last week against buff
guy and myself chakra 360 now I am nor
the damn he is a Miami you know I should
have been oregon vs oregon or something
like that but i decided to go another
day today you know change it up a little
bit you know a different team so here we
go dirty thing has a really good defense
and has a pretty good or running back in
a quarterback so you know I'm pretty
they're pretty much really legit what
i'm doing here is just establishing the
run and then I'm gonna go ahead and go
quick pass as you guys can see here i'm
eating clock man this is a tournament so
i'm gonna try to be as perfect as i can
and you guys can see here throw to Jones
and I'm go ahead and run it back right
here for almost a touchdown we get a
stop right here in the 10-yard line but
i want to invite you guys to the next
tournament this week look at this nice
touchdown with a nice run so we get the
first core in this game and here we go
now it's his turn to score and he's
gonna go ahead and try to come out here
in the option play but I you know I'm
adjusting pretty well on defense and
like i said i want to invite you guys to
the next tournament which will be this
saturday is for early man in 25 so you
guys want to get a chance to get the
madden 25 early it's gonna be an NC
double-a tournament when it gets the man
25 early so make sure you guys go
register and madden all-stars and i'll
see you guys there on the tournament
saturday and let's see what happens you
know anything could happen so make sure
you guys register today here we go like
I said this tournaments were pretty much
fun i won like around three games the
last minutes last second touchdown or
overtime so definitely this has been a
great tournament we're going 70 right
here he's with Miami Miami a really fast
man that's what our people are using
them they break a lot of tackles so you
gotta be really careful with players
that use Miami and as you guys can see
here I'm adjusting really well 13 12 and
it's for them till now
he actually decides to go for a field
goal in this situation myself when a
tournament game i would definitely gone
for it because the tournament game and
it's really hard to stop the offense
this year and definitely you need to go
put in those situations so i'm gonna go
ahead and keep attacking the ball on the
ground and then through the air i
usually attack through the air when I in
the third down so fourth downs for my
first two I usually run a lot or throw a
little quick passes and as you guys can
see here I'm go ahead and run a little
bit of the clock it's 73 right now and
we're gonna go ahead and push it in now
for a touchdown and we're gonna go ahead
and go into the third quarter oh not yet
we got 28 seconds left right so that's
pretty good hehe has no timeouts so that
means that I could actually stop him on
defense so here we go setting up our
defense and he throws it right into
square and boom we get the high end t
look at this check it out hits this
player hits my player and then my player
jumps for the ball and we get the int so
guess what a we got a chance to score
again we're right next to the red zone
and we're gonna go ahead and try to run
it but I think my quarterback oh yeah my
quarterback is still in I think he got
hurt but I actually couldn't make a
drive out of this so I took advantage
and just kick a cheap shot field goal so
here we go we get the score were up 17
23 in this tournament in the half I'm
almost dunking him and almost and here
we go on defense setting it up now I'm
trying to adjust as I go really well
here in my defense this is actually my
old defense I actually don't use this
defense anymore i'm using more of an
attack defense and you guys gonna see
that my defense in later videos so you
guys can be the judge of it later on so
here we go 17 me 3 in this game he's
coming out in a cluster formation he's
gonna go ahead and run up the middle of
the field and it's a 13 16 and we're
doing really well he gets a lob over me
and gets a touchdown so not 17 to 10 the
game is still within reach i gotta be
really really sharp on offense so we're
trying to look over here to somebody to
see if somebody's open but we decided to
run and
it's starting one we don't get the first
down and uh here we go another pass play
he cannot lock this up so you know I he
can't lock it up I'm gonna keep doing it
we get another touchdown is 23 2 17 24
to 10 actually and uh you know world 14
I get another pic and now it's 32 14
right here so it's a you know a this is
pretty much getting with this is 21
points right here actually skunk them
but he gets a really nice catch right
here oh man jumped over my play his
little looking his little wide receiver
compared to my cornerback and he just
jumped over it and got the pickin and I
threw a pick and we got two minutes left
42 seconds is he still the game still
within reach me two scores ahead but you
know we have to just keep doing our
thing making him work on D on offense
and while i'm on defense i'm making him
work making sure he doesn't score quick
just adjusting as we go in this game and
just doing our thing here on defense and
we're still it still got two minutes one
minute 50 seconds left in the clock so
I'm trying to just put pressure and at
the same time I have a lot of good
coverage so he won't just hey get an
easy score and we're running clock right
now 31 17 the game's getting really
really tight now you know anything could
happen at this situation and then we got
one first and goal one minute 36 seconds
left in the clock is he gonna score
right here we're gonna go ahead and lurk
the field and he runs it in for a score
okay 3124 in this game we're gonna go
ahead and move the clock making him
waste all his timeouts and right here
this is the first down that we get to
beat him and this is pretty much it man
this is the championship for ps3 like I
said you guys want a piece of the action
make sure you go to marin all-stars and
register this game was pretty much over
really hard games that I played on ps3
side to get to the championship and win
it all you guys want to play me request
me a friend request me on ps3 on xbox
360 and make sure you register for the
tournament this Saturday ok this
Saturday don't be late don't be late for
that tournament man until there's your
boy sharka 26
from men all stars by